## Code Breakdown
```
├── composer.json
```
This is needed to install dependencies.

```
├── config
│    └── install
```
Initially installed configuration yml files. These files are only imported when this module is installed.

```
├── islandora_install_profile_demo.info.yml
```
This holds the title and dependencies that need to be enabled.

```
├── islandora_install_profile_demo.profile
```
- Setup necessary tasks
- Setup user permissions
- Installs a profile with everything that comes with Drupal's standard install profile
- Install and set default theme
- Install and enable islandora_install_profile_core module

```
├── migrate
│   └── tags.csv
```
This is a migration for media_use, content models, content display viewers, and resource types. 

```
├── modules
│   └── islandora_install_profile_demo_core
```
This is the Core Module

```
│       ├── composer.libraries.yml
```
This installs main Openseadragon and it's frontend dependencies.

```
│       ├── css
```
CSS files needed.

```
│       ├── islandora_install_profile_demo_core.info.yml
```
This indicates the Core module's name, description,and dependencies.

```
│       ├── islandora_install_profile_demo_core.install
```
Initial install of the Core module. This installs the config and also adds the compound object taxonomy.

```
│       ├── islandora_install_profile_demo_core.libraries.yml
```
Installs the frontend dependencies including javascript and css files. 

```
│       ├── islandora_install_profile_demo_core.module
```
This core module does a lot.
* Hides fields on search form
* Sets variable to default theme.
* Sets label_attributes for forms
* Add features and improved edit views for some Islandora specific views
* Add default classes to several items generated by views to make frontend accessible. 
* Add banner options to the collection view.
* Extends the field definition for admins.
* Has Drupal use the route alias by default instead of the node id.
* Manually overrides the image viewer not to default to the PDF viewer.
* Sets display for OCR content.
* Sets up book/pages/page navigation as a horizontal image/tab navigation.

```
│       ├── islandora_install_profile_demo_core.routing.yml
```
Primarily the home page routing but this could be extended much further.

```
│       ├── islandora_install_profile_demo_core.yml
│       ├── js
│       │   └── islandora_install_profile_demo_core.js
```
Adds expand/collapse, sort in an ajax like environment.

```
│       ├── src
│       │   ├── Controller
│       │   │   └── HomePageController.php
```
Control home page functionality.

```
│       │   └── Plugin
│       │       ├── Block
│       │       │   └── AjaxViewBlock.php
```
Provides a 'AjaxViewBlock' block.

```
│       │       ├── Condition
│       │       │   └── NodeHasExplicitParent.php
```
The plugin configuration, i.e. an array with configuration values keyed by configuration option name. The special key 'context' may be used to initialize the defined contexts by setting it to an array of context values keyed by context names. It also helps to determine if the object is an orphan.

```
│       │       ├── Field
│       │       │   └── FieldFormatter
│       │       │       ├── EDTFFormatter.php
```
This is for formatting EDTF dates.

```
│       │       │       └── EntityReferenceCountFormatter.php
```
This indicates the children of a node and the total count. 

```
│       │       ├── search_api
│       │       │   └── processor
│       │       │       └── LinkedAgentByType.php
```
Searches for known linked agents and adds them as solr fields.

```
│       │       └── views
│       │           └── style
│       │               └── Section.php
```
Form grouping of fields.

```
│       └── templates
│            └── TWIG templates
```
The are typical TWIG overrides. These will override the module versions but not TWIG found inside of the default theme. To override these, copy the file into your theme's template directory.